>> Steve Kinney: Conclusion.
>> Steve Kinney: The needs,
we start out with a simple enough to
not get me in trouble with legal.
But it had client side routing,
it had lazy loading,
just enough to make it real-ish.
But depending on what you need to do,
for your code, and for
the needs of your customers, what you
do will vary a little bit differently.
I said, no,
to any cache headers, no to any headers
going into the CloudFront cache.
But there might be things that
you need to pass through, right?
What you exactly do will
change a little bit.
But for whatever it is you can probably,
we know that we can really,
that S3 is fairly configurable,
CloudFront is very configurable.
And if out of the box they
don't do anything we need,
we can program our CDN, right?
We can literally step in and
write some code to modify requests and
responses to do what we need to do, right?
It is one of those things,
there's a few technologies, Lambda and
Lambda@Edge are two of them.
Where it's one of those
things where it's like,
you start thinking about the very
basic stuff as you learn about it.
Like, yeah, yeah, I can redirect them
to a Rick Roll, super cool, neat.
I can fix client side routing,
actually super legit.
But then it's one of those things
that as you think about a problem and
then you go for a walk.
You're like,
I could do this additional thing,
those are the things I'm excited for
you to do, right?
The thing that comes to you a month from
now that you realize you can handle.
And so,
we did a lot of it by hand in the UI,
which I think is important to
actually understand how it works.
There are tools,
Terraform is a third party one,
CloudFormation is an Amazon one.
Where effectively you can write out
you infrastructure as code, right?
So at SendGrid,
we have this idea of a blueprint, right?
And so before you build a new anything,
right, you usually write a blueprint that
architecture looks at, info sec looks at.
So on and so forth, everybody puts their
rubber stamp, and then you go about it.
One of the things we've moved to doing is
having effectively reusable blueprints.
And the very first reusable
blueprint that we had was our
client side application infrastructure,
right?
So, just basically the stuff
we went through today.
And so, now nobody has to write,
anyone starting a new client side app with
the company doesn't have
to write a blueprint.
They can just take the one that a few
of us wrote and say, I'm doing that.
So, the next step for
us is we use Terraform,
I don't know why we use
Terraform over CloudFormation.
It's just somebody else made a choice,
I am a follower, so it's cool.
It's basically to set up a bunch of
Terraform modules where you just
plug in the name of your app.
It can actually,
we have it set in place right now,
where it will actually even go and get
the SSL cert for you and do all of that.
Yes, you have to go get
a sandwich while that all runs,
because you've seen that today,
a lot of what we did today was waiting.
But you actually get infrastructure, and
anyone who needs to spin up an app can
run a set of CloudFormation or Terraform.
And basically create an entire
infrastructure out of nowhere really,
which I think is very cool.
Terraform is kind of cool,
this is like an example of Terraform.
So you would pass in these obviously,
the access_key and secret_key,
we've seen before.
But basically it's like
pre-built software,
you pass in the the sentences that
you want to configure and change.
And then what's really cool about it is
you can then commit that into GitHub,
or Git rather, right?
You might go to GitLab, I don't know, and
then it can get code reviewed when
you make infrastructure changes.
I think, Ryan, you asked the question of,
you ever have the situation where nobody
knows how anything is configured?
Maybe the reason we don't have that yet
is because a lot of this is new work.
And when the people who set it
up don't work there anymore.
[LAUGH] I don't have that problem, but
somebody on my team five years from now
might very well have that problem, right?
So kind of getting infrastructure
as code is really useful.
Because now it's at least set somewhere
you can see the commit history, so
on and so forth.
Rather than, yeah, one time you hit
a bunch of check boxes in CloudFront and
now everything works, right?
That is probably a very real thing.
So yeah, and like, one of our goals is
to make this stuff reusable, and so for
Frontend, it's a pretty standard stack.
S3, CloudFront, Lambda@Edge, right?
But on the back end, you could have
all sorts of different services.
Have someone spin up a DynamoDB
database setup for multi-region, right?
Likely very specific to how
we choose to do things, but
some of these modules
already exist in the wild.
I'll actually drop it in if I can find
it and I'll have Mark link to it.
But they, like reusable, when we use
it for a client set infrastructure.
One of my coworkers, Steven,
the one with the strong name,
published as an open source project,
right?
So you can spin up a lot of that
stuff as well, so there we are.
We went from a very simple,
index.html sitting on our desktop
to enterprise grade infrastructure.